That was good. That was that was really lovely. Yeah, I like that.
Ha, ha, ha...
What is that?
Really? But you've got mail already?
Because in arrow.. Hmmm...
Hmm...
Hmmmmmmmm...
Hmm...          Hmmmm....
Hmm...
I like that one. That was really sweet.
Ha, ha, ha, ha...  ha... ha...
What is that?   Ha...ha... ha... Okay..
Hmmmmmmmm...
Hmm...
I don't know, what else does she do?
I love that one. That one is a good one.
I take that one over Sleep Is The Sale. Sleep Is The Sale is good too, but like Harry Met Sally, that's like...
Amazing.
Yeah, that's like the rom-com.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Hmm...
Hmmmmmmmm...
It's like the main places, right? Like the Empire State.
Yes...
there was it was like a story about
It like happens in Alaska. Like she's like...
Isn't that one?
Is it that? Yeah! Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah! ha... ha... ha... ha...
Ha, ha, ha...
Who's the...  Who's the guy? Yes, that one.
Is this Sandra Bullock?
I like that one. That was cute.
Hmm...
Ha, ha, ha...ha... ha...
Ha, ha, ha...ha... ha... ha...
Hmm...
Hu...    Hmm...
You're not supposed to become all of a sudden realistic... ha... ha... ha...
Ha, ha, ha...
Ha... ha... ha...  Show me the boy.  ha.. ha.. ha...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Yeah... yeah... I thought that was really funny.
Hu..    Hmm...
Hmm...
I know, like what's a strong...
Yeah... That's not how life happens, just FYI.
Ha... ha... ha...   You don't touch someone's hand and be like, oh my gosh.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Okay, well you try .. you try that Saturday and see if it works.
Oh  my  god... Yeah...(***)
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Um means... what else?
Is.. Ummm...
Yeah...   I don't like any of hers.
I like the one with Kate. Ummm... Kates...
It's like the one where she it's with Matthew McConaughey and
you
Yes, that one. That one was cute. Like the one where she wears that yellow dress with the backdress.
That was cute.
Oh, you see the spoon?
Yeah. Sweet home Alabama.